docs: update readme (#34)
4C-multiphysics/fourcipp: README.md

Now you are up and running 🎉

## Quickstart example
<!--example, do not remove this comment-->
```python
from fourcipp.fourc_input import FourCInput

# Create a new 4C input via
input_4C = FourCInput()

# Or load an existing input file
input_4C = FourCInput.from_4C_yaml(input_file_path)

# Add or overwrite sections
input_4C["PROBLEM TYPE"] = {"PROBLEMTYPE": "Structure"}
input_4C["PROBLEM SIZE"] = {"DIM": 3, "ELEMENTS": 1_000}

# Update section parameter
input_4C["PROBLEM SIZE"]["ELEMENTS"] = 1_000_000

# Add new parameter
input_4C["PROBLEM SIZE"]["NODES"] = 10_000_000

# Remove section
removed_section = input_4C.pop("PROBLEM SIZE")

# Dump to file
input_4C.dump(input_file_path, sort_sections=True, validate=True)
```
<!--example, do not remove this comment-->

## Configuration

> FourCIPP utilizes the `4C_metadata.yaml` snd `schema.json` files generated during the 4C build to remain up-to-date with your 4C build. By default, the files for the latest 4C input version can be found in `src/fourcipp/config`. You can add custom metadata and schema paths to the configuration file `src/fourcipp/config/config.yaml` by adding a new profile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
FourCIPP utilizes the `4C_metadata.yaml` and `schema.json` files generated during the 4C build to remain up-to-date with your 4C build. By default, the files for the latest 4C input version can be found in `src/fourcipp/config`. You can add custom metadata and schema paths to the configuration file `src/fourcipp/config/config.yaml` by adding a new profile:
```

> FourCIPP utilizes the `4C_metadata.yaml` snd `schema.json` files generated during the 4C build to remain uptodate with your 4C build. By default, the files for the latest 4C input version can be found in `src/fourcipp/config`. You can add custom metadata and schema paths paths to the configuration file `src/fourcipp/config/config.yaml` by adding a new profile:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FourCIPP utilizes the `4C_metadata.yaml` snd `schema.json` files generated during the 4C build to remain up-to-date with your 4C build. By default, the files for the latest 4C input version can be found in `src/fourcipp/config`. You can add custom metadata and schema paths to the configuration file `src/fourcipp/config/config.yaml` by adding a new profile:
```
